Update onpremisespublishing.md (#16404)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/onpremisespublishing.md

|isOnPremPublishingEnabled|Boolean| Indicates if the application is currently being published via Application Proxy or not. This is pre-set by the system. Read-only. |
|isPersistentCookieEnabled|Boolean| Indicates if the Persistent cookie flag should be set in the HTTP response headers. Keep this value set to `false`. Only use this setting for applications that can't share cookies between processes. For more information about cookie settings, see [Cookie settings for accessing on-premises applications in Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/application-proxy-configure-cookie-settings). Default value is `false`. |
|isSecureCookieEnabled|Boolean| Indicates if the Secure cookie flag should be set in the HTTP response headers. Set this value to `true` to transmit cookies over a secure channel such as an encrypted HTTPS request. Default value is `true`.|

> |isStateSessionEnabled|Boolean| Indicates if state parameter validation is enabled during Authorization Code Grant flow. For all new apps, the property will be true by default. For all existing apps, it is set to false. |

Reviewer: - Some tweaks to the description and suggestions.
- I'm assuming that if this property isn't yet live and I create an app today, the value for my app will be `false`. So the default `true` value will be enforced for all new apps created after some month and/or date - please let's indicate that enforcement date (I've added `{ }` placeholder suggestions.)

```suggestion
|isStateSessionEnabled|Boolean| Indicates whether validation of the **state** parameter when the client uses the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow is enabled. This setting allows admins to specify whether they want to enable CSRF protection for their apps. For all new apps created after {please enter the enforcement Month and/or date}, the property will be `true` by default. For all apps created prior to {date/month}, it is set to `false`. |
```

Author: We were going to co-ordinate the updates/merge to the docs and code release to overlap so as to avoid any confusion. Kindly confirm if we still need to add particular date?

Reviewer: No need to have an exact date. The month will do.

Author: Hi Faith,

Kindly let me know if below is acceptable?  

"Indicates whether validation of the **state** parameter when the client uses the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow is enabled. This setting allows admins to specify whether they want to enable CSRF protection for their apps."

Reviewer: > Hi Faith,
> 
> Kindly let me know if below is acceptable?
> 
> "Indicates whether validation of the **state** parameter when the client uses the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow is enabled. This setting allows admins to specify whether they want to enable CSRF protection for their apps."

Sounds good, @dhruvinrshah.

Author: > > Hi Faith,
> > Kindly let me know if below is acceptable?
> > "Indicates whether validation of the **state** parameter when the client uses the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow is enabled. This setting allows admins to specify whether they want to enable CSRF protection for their apps."
> 
> Sounds good, @dhruvinrshah.

@FaithOmbongi : Committed the required changes .. ty!
